We wanted to compare the efficacy of our approach of 
generating Haikus with Gaiku \cite{netzer2009gaiku}, so we 
conducted the evaluation in a similar fashion. We asked some fellow 
students to read through 20 haiku poems and to assign two ratings to each, on a scale of 1 to 5: 
how much they like the poem and whether they think it was writen by a human or 
generated by a computer. Of the 20 Haiku poems, 12 were generated and 8 were selected from 
our corpus. The subjects did not know the ratio between the two. The questionnaire was
answered by 20 subjects and all were fluent in english, but not experts, nor did they have 
an academic background in literature.

By having our evaluators give two ratings (the poem likeness and how artificial it seems),
we were able to see that they were more inclined toward stating that the poem was
human-made if they liked the it and vice versa. This also means
that they felt that a generated haiku poem could not be as good, which led to
3 artificial poems being confidently rated as human-made.

Of the 8 poems composed by human authors, four were falsely thought to have been artificial,
however all were very close to uncertainty (3), with the
lowest rating being 2.71. That poem was:
dusk-- / songbirds' voices / disappear too
8 of the 12 computer generated haikus were correctly classified as such.

The poem that was most strongly classified as computer generated, and correctly so, was:
evening coffee / the chalkboard scent / belly
with a rating of 1.57, while it's likeness rating was 2.36.

On the other hand, the two haikus most strongly classified as human-made were actually
computer generated. These two were:
early storm warning / I stand next to a tree / coloured into darkness
and
empty beaches / the warmth of our tears / end of summer
with the latter also having the highest likeness score of all poems at 4.29.

There was, as was expected, a high variance in scoring. This can be attributed to the fact
that our evaluators were not experts in the field and to the subjective nature of rating poetry (particularly Haiku). \cite{ritchie2001creativity}
Most human poems got an above average rating, while auto-poems got mostly worse, but surprisingly some better ratings too.